# Annotation driven transaction settings

XML Attribute|Annotation Attribute|Default|Description
--|--|--|--
transaction&#45;manager|N&#47;A (see TransactionManagementConfigurer javadoc)|transactionManager|Name of the transaction manager to use. Required only if the name of the transaction manager is not transactionManager, as in the preceding example.
mode|mode|proxy|The default mode (proxy) processes annotated beans to be proxied by using Spring’s AOP framework (following proxy semantics, as discussed earlier, applying to method calls coming in through the proxy only). The alternative mode (aspectj) instead weaves the affected classes with Spring’s AspectJ transaction aspect, modifying the target class byte code to apply to any kind of method call. AspectJ weaving requires spring&#45;aspects.jar in the classpath as well as having load&#45;time weaving (or compile&#45;time weaving) enabled. (See Spring configuration for details on how to set up load&#45;time weaving.)
proxy&#45;target&#45;class|proxyTargetClass|FALSE|Applies to proxy mode only. Controls what type of transactional proxies are created for classes annotated with the @Transactional annotation. If the proxy&#45;target&#45;class attribute is set to true, class&#45;based proxies are created. If proxy&#45;target&#45;class is false or if the attribute is omitted, then standard JDK interface&#45;based proxies are created. (See Proxying Mechanisms for a detailed examination of the different proxy types.)
order|order|Ordered.LOWEST_PRECEDENCE|Defines the order of the transaction advice that is applied to beans annotated with @Transactional. (For more information about the rules related to ordering of AOP advice, see Advice Ordering.) No specified ordering means that the AOP subsystem determines the order of the advice.
