# Built&#45;in Events

Event|Explanation
--|--
ContextRefreshedEvent|Published when the ApplicationContext is initialized or refreshed (for example, by using the refresh() method on the ConfigurableApplicationContext interface). Here, "initialized" means that all beans are loaded, post&#45;processor beans are detected and activated, singletons are pre&#45;instantiated, and the ApplicationContext object is ready for use. As long as the context has not been closed, a refresh can be triggered multiple times, provided that the chosen ApplicationContext actually supports such "hot" refreshes. For example, XmlWebApplicationContext supports hot refreshes, but GenericApplicationContext does not.
ContextStartedEvent|Published when the ApplicationContext is started by using the start() method on the ConfigurableApplicationContext interface. Here, "started" means that all Lifecycle beans receive an explicit start signal. Typically, this signal is used to restart beans after an explicit stop, but it may also be used to start components that have not been configured for autostart (for example, components that have not already started on initialization).
ContextStoppedEvent|Published when the ApplicationContext is stopped by using the stop() method on the ConfigurableApplicationContext interface. Here, "stopped" means that all Lifecycle beans receive an explicit stop signal. A stopped context may be restarted through a start() call.
ContextClosedEvent|Published when the ApplicationContext is being closed by using the close() method on the ConfigurableApplicationContext interface or via a JVM shutdown hook. Here, "closed" means that all singleton beans will be destroyed. Once the context is closed, it reaches its end of life and cannot be refreshed or restarted.
RequestHandledEvent|A web&#45;specific event telling all beans that an HTTP request has been serviced. This event is published after the request is complete. This event is only applicable to web applications that use Spring’s DispatcherServlet.
ServletRequestHandledEvent|A subclass of RequestHandledEvent that adds Servlet&#45;specific context information.
