# Cache annotation settings

XML Attribute|Annotation Attribute|Default|Description
--|--|--|--
cache&#45;manager|N&#47;A (see the CachingConfigurer javadoc)|cacheManager|The name of the cache manager to use. A default CacheResolver is initialized behind the scenes with this cache manager (or cacheManager if not set). For more fine&#45;grained management of the cache resolution, consider setting the 'cache&#45;resolver' attribute.
cache&#45;resolver|N&#47;A (see the CachingConfigurer javadoc)|A SimpleCacheResolver using the configured cacheManager.|The bean name of the CacheResolver that is to be used to resolve the backing caches. This attribute is not required and needs to be specified only as an alternative to the 'cache&#45;manager' attribute.
key&#45;generator|N&#47;A (see the CachingConfigurer javadoc)|SimpleKeyGenerator|Name of the custom key generator to use.
error&#45;handler|N&#47;A (see the CachingConfigurer javadoc)|SimpleCacheErrorHandler|The name of the custom cache error handler to use. By default, any exception thrown during a cache related operation is thrown back at the client.
mode|mode|proxy|The default mode (proxy) processes annotated beans to be proxied by using Spring’s AOP framework (following proxy semantics, as discussed earlier, applying to method calls coming in through the proxy only). The alternative mode (aspectj) instead weaves the affected classes with Spring’s AspectJ caching aspect, modifying the target class byte code to apply to any kind of method call. AspectJ weaving requires spring&#45;aspects.jar in the classpath as well as load&#45;time weaving (or compile&#45;time weaving) enabled. (See Spring configuration for details on how to set up load&#45;time weaving.)
proxy&#45;target&#45;class|proxyTargetClass|FALSE|Applies to proxy mode only. Controls what type of caching proxies are created for classes annotated with the @Cacheable or @CacheEvict annotations. If the proxy&#45;target&#45;class attribute is set to true, class&#45;based proxies are created. If proxy&#45;target&#45;class is false or if the attribute is omitted, standard JDK interface&#45;based proxies are created. (See Proxying Mechanisms for a detailed examination of the different proxy types.)
order|order|Ordered.LOWEST_PRECEDENCE|Defines the order of the cache advice that is applied to beans annotated with @Cacheable or @CacheEvict. (For more information about the rules related to ordering AOP advice, see Advice Ordering.) No specified ordering means that the AOP subsystem determines the order of the advice.
