# HttpMessageConverter Implementations

MessageConverter|Description
--|--
StringHttpMessageConverter|An HttpMessageConverter implementation that can read and write String instances from the HTTP request and response. By default, this converter supports all text media types (text&#47;&#42;) and writes with a Content&#45;Type of text&#47;plain.
FormHttpMessageConverter|An HttpMessageConverter implementation that can read and write form data from the HTTP request and response. By default, this converter reads and writes the application&#47;x&#45;www&#45;form&#45;urlencoded media type. Form data is read from and written into a MultiValueMap&#60;String, String&#62;. The converter can also write (but not read) multipart data read from a MultiValueMap&#60;String, Object&#62;. By default, multipart&#47;form&#45;data is supported. As of Spring Framework 5.2, additional multipart subtypes can be supported for writing form data. Consult the javadoc for FormHttpMessageConverter for further details.
ByteArrayHttpMessageConverter|An HttpMessageConverter implementation that can read and write byte arrays from the HTTP request and response. By default, this converter supports all media types (&#42;&#47;&#42;) and writes with a Content&#45;Type of application&#47;octet&#45;stream. You can override this by setting the supportedMediaTypes property and overriding getContentType(byte&#91;&#93;).
MarshallingHttpMessageConverter|An HttpMessageConverter implementation that can read and write XML by using Spring’s Marshaller and Unmarshaller abstractions from the org.springframework.oxm package. This converter requires a Marshaller and Unmarshaller before it can be used. You can inject these through constructor or bean properties. By default, this converter supports text&#47;xml and application&#47;xml.
MappingJackson2HttpMessageConverter|An HttpMessageConverter implementation that can read and write JSON by using Jackson’s ObjectMapper. You can customize JSON mapping as needed through the use of Jackson’s provided annotations. When you need further control (for cases where custom JSON serializers&#47;deserializers need to be provided for specific types), you can inject a custom ObjectMapper through the ObjectMapper property. By default, this converter supports application&#47;json.
MappingJackson2XmlHttpMessageConverter|An HttpMessageConverter implementation that can read and write XML by using Jackson XML extension’s XmlMapper. You can customize XML mapping as needed through the use of JAXB or Jackson’s provided annotations. When you need further control (for cases where custom XML serializers&#47;deserializers need to be provided for specific types), you can inject a custom XmlMapper through the ObjectMapper property. By default, this converter supports application&#47;xml.
SourceHttpMessageConverter|An HttpMessageConverter implementation that can read and write javax.xml.transform.Source from the HTTP request and response. Only DOMSource, SAXSource, and StreamSource are supported. By default, this converter supports text&#47;xml and application&#47;xml.
BufferedImageHttpMessageConverter|An HttpMessageConverter implementation that can read and write java.awt.image.BufferedImage from the HTTP request and response. This converter reads and writes the media type supported by the Java I&#47;O API.
